---
Title: bezoek aan Argos, iMAL & Wiels
Description: This description will go in the meta description tag
Author: Hendrik 
Date: 2020/10/16
Robots: noindex,nofollow
Template: index
---

# BEZOEK aan ARGOS, iMAL & WIELS

Dag allen,

Ik wil jullie graag uitnodigen voor een uitstap naar Brussel op woensdag 28/10 voor 3 tentoonstellingen. Zie onderaan.  
We spreken af op het centrale plein voor station Gent Sint-Pieters om 9:30 (voor de trein van 9:38) of rechtsreeks aan Argos om 10:35. We zijn terug in Gent rond 18u.    
De toegang voor de tentoonstellingen wordt betaald via de bijzondere studiekosten. Jullie staan zelf in voor de verplaatsingsonkosten. Voorzie een lunch. 
Laat me weten waar je zal zijn, in Gent-SP of aan Argos!

Groeten,
Hendrik

*Hello everyone,*

*I would like to invite you for a excursion to Brussels on Wednesday 28/10 for 3 exhibitions. See below.  
We meet at the central square in front of Gent Sint-Pieters station at 9:30 (for the 9:38 train) or directly at Argos at 10:35. We'll be back in Ghent around 18h.      
Admission to the exhibitions is paid for via the additional study costs. You are responsible for the travel expenses. Provide lunch. 
Let me know where you will be, in Ghent-SP or at Argos!*

*Greetings,*
*Hendrik*

## [ARGOS - TONY COKES: IF UR READING THIS IT’S 2 LATE, VOL. 3](https://www.argosarts.org/event/tony-cokes-if-ur-reading-this-its-2-late-vol-3)
In his work, Cokes brings together image, text and sound. This results in thought-provoking video art centered around questions of truth, social justice, and capitalism. The exhibition is named after a Drake mixtape, which underscores the ‘mixing’ in Cokes’ art. The artist does so by quoting various authors: from Aretha Franklin to Morrissey, from Malcolm X to Louis Althusser. By bringing together text, image and sound, he creates a powerful message. One that initiates analysis and reflection!

## [iMAL - POST GROWTH](https://www.imal.org/en/events/post-growth)
The Post Growth exhibition invites us to challenge the dominant narratives about growth and progress, and explore the radical implications of a speculative economic model based on energy emitted by the Sun. The exhibition looks at perspectives for a shift away from the overexploitation of fossil fuels, ancient sunlight, the force on which the reproduction of our societies depends today.

## [WIELS - RISQUONS-TOUT](https://www.wiels.org/en/exhibitions/risquons-tout)
Risquons-Tout is an ambitious, thematic group exhibition that explores the potential of transgression and unpredictability. It examines how art challenges the homogenisation of thought in the now infamous echo chambers of our overcrowded info-sphere.

## Programma
* 9:30 afspraak Gent SP
* 9:38 vertrek trein naar BXL Noord
* 10:20 aankomst trein
* 10:35 bezoek Argos
* 11:50 vertrek naar iMAL
* 12:00 Bezoek iMAL
* 14:00 vertrek naar Wiels
* 15:00 Bezoek Wiels
* 16:50 Vrtrek naar BXL Midi 
* 17:15 Vertek trein naar Gent SP

[wandelkaart](https://www.google.be/maps/dir/Brussel+Noordstation,+Rue+du+Progr%C3%A8s+76%2F80,+1030+Schaerbeek/Rue+du+Chantier+13,+1000+Bruxelles/iMAL,+Center+for+digital+cultures+and+technology,+Quai+des+Charbonnages,+Sint-Jans-Molenbeek/WIELS,+Avenue+Van+Volxem,+Forest/Midi+Station,+Place+Victor+Horta,+Saint-Gilles,+Brussels/@50.8427049,4.3080424,13z/data=!4m32!4m31!1m5!1m1!1s0x47c3c39d7931691f:0xaddd4b90f30563c1!2m2!1d4.3601396!2d50.8604558!1m5!1m1!1s0x47c3c38510519381:0xbe36411abce170cf!2m2!1d4.3496322!2d50.856632!1m5!1m1!1s0x47c3c38eae3db3fb:0x8c8bb7a644adb064!2m2!1d4.3420642!2d50.8547559!1m5!1m1!1s0x47c3c43efa9a6b1b:0x5a0664729ebb911a!2m2!1d4.325984!2d50.8243939!1m5!1m1!1s0x47c3c5d10d94e68f:0x4805682a7d9d68cb!2m2!1d4.3337802!2d50.8364438!3e2)
 
